Update installing-nightly-builds.md (#5173)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 11/umbraco-cms/fundamentals/setup/install/installing-nightly-builds.md

![Select the nightly NuGet feed](../../../../../10/umbraco-cms/fundamentals/setup/install/images/VS/select-nuget-feed.jpg)

> Now that the correct feed is selected we're almost ready to search for the package and choose a version, however since these are marked as prerelease, we have to tick the checkbox `Include prerelease` otherwise these will be filtered out. Next search for `Umbraco.Templates`, and choose that package. Now we can click on the `Version` drop down and see the available nightly builds for both V9 and V10. This is the _**template**_, not the Umbraco package itself, so it won't work to click install. Instead chose the applicable version and note down the version number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that the correct feed is selected we're almost ready to search for the package and choose a version. However, since these are marked as prereleases, we have to tick the checkbox `Include prerelease`. If we do not do this, they will be filtered out. Next search for `Umbraco.Templates`, and choose that package. Now we can click on the `Version` drop down and see the available nightly builds for both V9 and V10. This is the _**template**_, not the Umbraco package itself, so it won't work to click install. Instead chose the applicable version and note down the version number
```

Author: @sofietoft brilliant 👍
